Adding plotting guides (#2025)
arviz-devs/arviz: doc/source/user_guide/plotting_with_matplotlib.md

```{code-cell} ipython3
import arviz as az
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np

az.style.use("arviz-darkgrid")
```

## Customizing plots

### Using `backend_kwargs`

The `backend_kwargs` argument can be very useful for some specific configuration. That is parameters available in {func}`matplotlib.pyplot.subplots`, which includes {meth}`~matplotlib.figure.Figure.add_subplot` and {class}`~mpl:matplotlib.gridspec.GridSpec` through `subplot_kw` and `gridspec_kw` respectively.

As an example, the following code changes the `facecolor` from {func}`~matplotlib.pyplot.figure` and the `width_ratios` in the grid layout.

```{code-cell} ipython3
# load data
data = az.load_arviz_data('radon')
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
az.plot_posterior(
    data,
    var_names=["g"],
    backend_kwargs={
        "facecolor": "#d3d0e3",
        "gridspec_kw": {
            "width_ratios": [6,4]}});
```
:::{note}
This parameter is however not as flexible as creating custom axes.
:::
:::{caution}
The parameters `ncol` and `nrows` from {func}`matplotlib.pyplot.subplots` should not be set using the `backend_kwargs` parameter.

> :::

Reviewer: I find the two consecutive boxes a bit overloaded. Can you try moving the caution box above the plot, between the two text paragraphs and making the note box regular text?

Also, a note on ncol and nrow caution box. I would add a 2nd sentence saying something like ``Use {ref}`common_grid` argument instead.``

Author: Done!

### The parameter `show`

> :::{note} The parameter `show` calls the show function of the backend. Matplotlib shows the plot in a Jupyter notebook even if this is set to `False`. For more details see {func}`matplotlib.pyplot.show`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter `show` calls {func}`matplotlib.pyplot.show` after all ArviZ plotting finishes. defaults rcparam... (like with bokeh but defaults to false)

:::{note} There are some Matplotlib backends like the inline (default) Jupyter backend that show the plot even if `plt.show` is not called. In such cases, plots will be shown automatically even if `show=False` as this only skips calling `plt.show` it doesn't do anything to prevent the plots from showing.
```

Author: I did some changes here. I am not sure if I understood the part about the `rcparam`, I couldn't find any similar  rcparam in matplotlib.

Author: Added
